image handling: add cleanup note (#1196)
plone/documentation: docs/classic-ui/images.md

This is useful for caching URLs in Varnish or the browser.
In case the uploaded image or scale definitions have changed, they will be saved again under a different UID.

> This changes the URL and forces either the browser, or a cache proxy such as Varnish, to fetch it again. When a scale has changed, the old stored entry in the annotation will be deleted after 24h.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This changes the URL and forces either the browser, or a cache proxy such as Varnish, to fetch it again.
When a scale has changed, the old stored entry in the annotation will be deleted after 24 hours.
```

This is useful for caching URLs in Varnish or the browser.
In case the uploaded image or scale definitions have changed, they will be saved again under a different UID.
This changes the URL and forces either the browser, or a cache proxy such as Varnish, to fetch it again.
When a scale has changed, the old stored entry in the annotation will be deleted after 24 hours.

> If one changes an image which is used in multiple pages, the updated versions will only be shown after a restart of the Plone instance, saving the pages again or after 24h.

Reviewer: Use the Oxford comma, and spell out hours.

```suggestion
If one changes an image which is used in multiple pages, the updated versions will only be shown after a restart of the Plone instance, saving the pages again, or after 24 hours.
```
